[release] Create 1.14 release-notes (#17182)
apache/flink: docs/content/release-notes/flink-1.14.md

`"Flink Batch Job"`. A custom name can be set with config option `pipeline.name`.

#### Propagate unique keys for fromChangelogStream

##### [FLINK-24033](https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/FLINK-24033)

Compared to 1.13.2, `StreamTableEnvironment.fromChangelogStream` might produce a different stream
because primary keys were not properly considered before.

#### Support new type inference for Table#flatMap

##### [FLINK-16769](https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/FLINK-16769)

`Table.flatMap()` supports the new type system now. Users are requested to upgrade their functions.

#### Add Scala implicit conversions for new API methods

##### [FLINK-22590](https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/FLINK-22590)

The Scala implicits that convert between DataStream API and Table API have been updated to the new
methods of FLIP-136.

The changes might require an update of pipelines that used `toTable` or implicit conversions from
`Table` to `DataStream[Row]`.

#### Remove YAML environment file support in SQL Client

##### [FLINK-22540](https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/FLINK-22540)

The sql-client-defaults.yaml YAML file was deprecated in 1.13 release and now it is totally removed

> in this release. As an alternative, you can use -i startup option to execute an initialization SQL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in this release. As an alternative, you can use the `-i` startup option to execute an initialization SQL
```

> file to setup the SQL Client session. The so-called initialization SQL file can use Flink DDLs to

Reviewer: bit weird that "so-called" is used at the second mention of the term.

define available catalogs, table sources and sinks, user-defined functions, and other properties
required for execution and deployment.

> See more: https://ci.apache.org/projects/flink/flink-docs-stable/docs/dev/table/sqlclient/#initialize-session-using-sql-files

Reviewer: this should ideally point to the 1.14 docs

#### Remove the legacy planner code base

##### [FLINK-22864](https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/FLINK-22864)

The old Table/SQL planner has been removed. BatchTableEnvironment and DataSet API interop with Table
API are not supported anymore. Use the unified TableEnvironment for batch and stream processing with

> the new planner or the DataStream API in batch execution mode.\r\n\r\nUsers are encouraged to update
> their pipelines. Otherwise Flink 1.13 is the last version that offers the old functionality.

Reviewer: does \r\n render properly?
```suggestion
the new planner or the DataStream API in batch execution mode.

Users are encouraged to update
their pipelines. Otherwise Flink 1.13 is the last version that offers the old functionality.
```

Author: No, it does not. I must've missed this occurence.
